Update NativeAOT samples for .NET 7 (#5222)
dotnet/samples: core/nativeaot/HelloWorld/README.md

## Add NativeAOT to your project

> Add `<PublishAot>true</PublishAot>` property to your project file. This will produce a native AOT app and shows PublishAot compatibility warnings during build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `<PublishAot>true</PublishAot>` property to your project file. This will produce a native AOT app and show any potential compatibility warnings during the publish process.
```
